Use the script for the purpose of being proactive and download videos before it's an issue.  If it's not in the library, it's not downloadable.

Also, I find it sometimes necessary to run the script multiple times to get all videos.  The script just stops for some reason.  I run it using the scheduler but them manually run it as many times as necessary until everything is downloaded.  No idea why this happens.

First off, you may want guidance from a computer friend nearby if you're not comfortable with this process.  It's not hard but you may need guidance, depending on how much computer experience you have. These directions had the correct filenames at the time I wrote it but new versions appear on a regular basis. I'd suggest using the latest versions.

Now you need to install Python.  Go here and download the proper version for your computer (note there's a version for 32 bit (x86) and 64 bit (x86-64) versions of Windows as well as similar versions for Mac.  Choose your own version:

https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-2711/

Next, you need to download and install a separate module, Requests, inside Python.  Go here:

https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests/zipball/master

This will give you a ZIP file that can be extracted to your desktop or wherever you prefer.  Now you need to install it so you need to open a command prompt (cmd.exe) and go to this directory using DOS commands like this (replace the USERNAME with your username):

cd c:\users\USERNAME\desktop\kennethreitz-requests-8b92d99

Now, type this line into the DOS window:

c:\python27\python.exe setup.py install

which adds the Requests package to Python.

Now to the scripts. There are two scripts. The first is the original.  It's rather self-explanatory by checking out the top sections.  No error-checking so make sure you edit properly.  The 4 things to edit are location (if you don't want it in your profile under ArloDownloads), days to keep, and Arlo login info, email address and password. Note that it was developed under Python 2.7.6 and needs the requests-package installed - use the link embedded in the script to find and install if you don't already have it.

I changed the save location to my Dropbox folder for automatic backup.  I also added it the Windows Task Scheduler so it runs automatically for me.  Nothing hard but I can prolly answer questions as long as it doesn't require programming (I'm a hack, not a programmer).

The second script is modified for Python 3.7 but works fine under 2.7x. It has more options such as adding location of the various cameras and their serial numbers. It all leads to renaming the downloaded files with location and human-readable timestamps.

Once you have edited and saved the script you choose to use (I'd suggest the second one), maybe in the location where the videos are saved, you can run it from a command prompt using something like this:

c:\python27\python.exe c:\arlodownload\SCRIPT_NAME.py

changing the arlodownload to wherever you have saved the modified script and SCRIPT_NAME to whatever you end up calling the script.

Once you have everything working manually, you can investigate the task scheduler built into your OS so it runs at a specific time every day. 

